The question asks for the strategies that can increase the activation rate about 20%. Activation is the second step after the acquisition. After our products are
being known by our potential customers, we need to convince them to start using our product. 

1.  To begin with, we need to keep our product or website straight and simple. The reason is that we are currently living in a fast-paced society. 
People, especially for young professional, will not spend much time on understanding a new service. We need to display our biggest selling point at the top 
where people can discover at the first sight. Moreover, we should come up with some functions or benefits that are better than the traditional banking services. 
For example, we have higher digital lending limit, our bill payments service only take one business day, etc. To sum up, the first strategy is to speed up 
the service time and increase the lending limit. In this way, we are more likely to beat the tradition banking service and let more people choose Umba.

2. Since our target customer base is young professionals, we would need to understand what is the main demand for young professionals. We can make up a survey to 
see what are the top demands for the young professionals. Then, we are able to see what functions or services our product can provide are matching with their 
needs. Furthermore, we can separate difference users into different groups: new users who just browsed our websites, users who browsed our website for a long time
last week but still did not sign up an account, referred users, etc. We can come up with different marketing emails to send to different group of users. For example,
we can send out a kindly reminder to users who still did not sign up an account. We can emphasize our selling points again in the email: by signing up an account,
you will enjoy $500 digital lending NOW! Also, we should also encourage existing users to refer our product to their friends because it is a relatively easy way
to increase acquisition rate and maybe further increase the activation rate. For example, we can say "Refer a friend by today and get $20 immediately!". A user is
more likely to use a product when his surrounding friends are all using that product.

Suggestions above are my two growth strategies that may help grow Umba's activation moth-over-month.

